[PAY-1514] add UK/GBR as supported country in reimbursement offer automation (#196)
FidelLimited/docs: reimbursement.md

## Availability

Reimbursement supports both debit and credit cards by Visa and Mastercard in the US or UK. Your account must be set up either in the US or the UK to have access to the Reimbursement product.
## Activation

> If your account is set up in the US or UK and you are using an older API version (reimbursement requires version 2021-09-28 or later) or haven't agreed to the (Terms & Conditions)[Link to T&Cs page] in your region, you will be prompted to go through the Reimbursement product activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your account is set up in the US or UK and you are using an older API version (reimbursement requires version 2021-09-28 or later) or haven't agreed to the [Terms & Conditions](https://fidel.uk/legal) in your region, you will be prompted to go through the Reimbursement product activation.
```

> If your account is set up in the US or UK and you are using an older API version (reimbursement requires version 2021-09-28 or later) or haven't agreed to the [Terms & Conditions](https://fidel.uk/legal) in your region, you will be prompted to go through the Reimbursement product activation.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we use the new URL for the T&C link? `https://fidelapi.com/legal`

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR, but do we need to update the T&Cs on the legal page?

Author: you're right, i'll update this

Author: that's a good point - we can bring this into Ruben's attention

### Credits Balance Example

> Balances are denominated in multiple currencies to support other countries in the future. Currently, we support either `USD` or `GBP` and in this example `balances.USD` value is `$1000`.

Reviewer 2: Couldn't we use 'both' instead of 'either'?

Author: It's an option @LucasSindra 
@krisztina-nagy, what's your take on this?

### Creating a request

> After choosing the `transactionId`, the reimbursement `amount` must be equal to or lower than the transaction `amount` and the `currency` is determined by the transaction. Visa cards have a maximum reimbursement amount limit of _USD $250_. We currently support `USD` or `GBP` currency transactions. Optionally customise the `description` text that will show in the cardholder bank statement. Read more information on the [create reimbursement endpoint](https://reference.fidel.uk/reference/create-reimbursement).

Reviewer 2: Maybe this "or" could be an "and" too

## Automation

> Automate reimbursement requests when creating an Offer by toggling the “enable automatic reimbursements” checkbox. This toggle will be available if the reimbursement product is active and the Offer’s country is either `USA` (United States of America) or `GBR` (United Kingdom).

Reviewer 2: Couldn't we use 'both' instead of 'either'?
